Asking to watch for changes (#6)
microsoft/CookieComplianceSamples: README.md

# CookieComplianceSamples

Sample implementations of how the cookie string can be parsed.

> Please be sure to watch the repo for changes if rolling your own implementation.

Author: ```suggestion
Please be sure to "watch" the repository (click on watch, top right) for changes if rolling your own implementation.
```
